# Quality Lab

## Game One: Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
Smash Bros Ultimate does indeed truly live up to its name, and it feels right as well, because when you look at the character roster itself, you do realize that EVERYONE IS HERE. It mostly has many desired features, and I say mostly, because they had to make many sacrifices in order to bring back every character onto to roster, including things such as Home Run Contest not originally being there, no break the targets, and no trophies, which got replaced by a thing called Spirits, which plays into the main single player mode, as the developers wanted to bring back something similar to Smash Bros Brawl's story mode that focuses more on gameplay instead of story, but can be a bit too repetitive in some aspects. For it's user base, it is very well fit for use, as it appeals to both the competitive audience, as well as the very big casual audience as you can just bring out this game at a party, and everyone will have a really fun time playing it. Overall Smash Bros Ultimate is a very enjoyable game to play as, and with more content releasing until December 2021, it's longevity is very good.

## Game Two: Super Mario Oddessy
Super Mario Oddessy is a very wonderful 3D platformer for the Nintendo Switch. The evolution of 3D Mario games so far has led up to this game, and by Nintendo, is described as the open world 3D platforming like Mario 64 and Mario Sunshine. It looks perfect for the Nintendo Switch and lives up to its standards evolving the new mechanics Mario can do simply by literally throwing his hat. It's User base is very well fit for its use, as newcomers to the series feel very much welcomed and can easily understand the mechanics, as well as the veterans who know the movements and mechanics of mario left and right, especially when it comes to speedrunners using Mario to every single advantage which can be very fun to watch, or even learn how to do that. Overall, Mario Oddessy is a very fun game to play.


## Game Three: Pokemon Sword & Shield
Pokemon Sword & Shield is a, well, divided game among the fanbase. To me, I feel like I should expect more from not only the newest entry in the series, but also the first entry that is on a home console. I did enjoy playing this game, but to me, it kinda felt rushed in some aspects. Throughout the game when story is happening, most of the time, they just "talk" about whats happening or happened, and never really actually show it. It does have some new desired features that are pretty nice for the game, including the likes of training your pokemon, but takes out certain functions such as specific ways of trading pokemon that everyone loved using. The main thing that caught everyone's attention was the fact that not every pokemon could even be brought along to this one, but understandably, the devs had to make some sacrifices in certain areas, but the way it was revealed about it was pretty poorly. Still though, there is many aspects to this game that I love very much, despite some negatives, but this game is a fun one to play mostly throughout in my opinion.

